Janstaelensskyline patch 1 (#1809)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Known_issues/KI_NATS_port_9090.md

---
uid: KI_NATS_port_9090
---

# Default NATS port is already in use

## Affected versions

From DataMiner 10.1.1 onwards

## Cause

The [IP port 9090](xref:Configuring_the_IP_network_ports), used in a DataMiner System for NATS by default, is already being used by a third-party software such as [the Keysight Agilent IO Libraries](xref:Installing_the_Keysight_Agilent_IO_Libraries).

## Fix

Manually configure a custom port for NATS. See [Investigating NATS issues](xref:Investigating_NATS_Issues).

## Issue description

- DataMiner will not start.

- NAS is running.

- NATS is stopped.

> - 2kB worth of log files can be found in the *C:\Skyline DataMiner\NATS\nats-account-server* folder.

Author: ```suggestion
- Several 2kB large log files can be found in the *C:\Skyline DataMiner\NATS\nats-account-server* folder.
```
